# BnB_Secure
As technology continues to evolve and expand, its effect virtually touches every aspect of a multitude of industries around the world. One chief aspect of technology is cybersecurity. This pillar of technology is exceedingly key to protecting all forms of data from damage. This entails maintaining sensitive data secure in order to maintain the integrity of technologies. This naturally translates into the hotel industry because most of their technology is network-based. With anything that is connected to the network, it leaves the possibility for vulnerability and must be designed to be secure in order to prevent internal or external attacks. We plan to address one aspect of hotel security that is often exploited in this industry. Hackers often use a device called Proxmark to steal a hash value from a hotel guest’s card. They will then take the captured date to store it into a dummy card. The dummy card will be able to function the same as the hotel guest’s key card and hackers will use this to break into hotel rooms. By doing this, they are able to bypass radio frequency identification (RFID). This is a serious cybersecurity issue and we will tackle this problem by developing an app called BnB Secure that will enhance the security features of hotel key cards. BnB Secure will notify hotel guests and hotel security if their key card information was stolen. In addition to this, it will also alert the hotel guests every time their card is used to open their hotel room. 
